Subject: Receipt of payment for 1803/243 Franklin St, Melbourne VIC 3000
From: "Hilary Ho - Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM)" <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
Date: 25/3/68, 18:44
To: Chawakorn Kamnuansil <ck.chawakorn@gmail.com>


Email
agent image 		

Hi Chawakorn,

Thanks for your recent payment of *$2,825.00* that we processed on 
*24/03/2025. *We have attached a payment receipt to this email which 
details any changes to your rent paid to dates.

Please don't hesitate to contact us should you have any queries.

With thanks,

Hilary Ho
Areal Property (MPM) Pty Ltd
03 9818 8991
hilary.ho@areal.com.au
https://www.areal.com.au/

*If you have any feedback regarding my service, please feel free to 
contact my manager.*

*Jamie Ong (Head of Property Management) jamie.ong@areal.com.au 
<mailto:jamie.ong@areal.com.au>*


DISCLAIMER & WARNING. This correspondence and the information contained 
in this and associated e-mails are confidential and were only intended 
for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you have received this 
e-mail in error, any use, copying or inference with this information is 
unauthorized and prohibited and please immediately delete it and any 
related attachments or emails from your system and its related sub 
system and notify the sender. You must never copy, disclose, make 
conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to 
the business of the Areal Property and shall be understood as neither 
given nor approved or agreed by it. Although Areal Property has taken 
reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in this e-mail, 
Areal Property cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage 
arising from the use of this e-mail or attachments.
		

Click to unsubscribe 
<https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrEFf-2BcgHG6Mx-2B3buLhWmkCTWoGNFQQhl6KE-2BlTjn7wyI-2BOLQyaEiDU4axnLMDYqU81gIVEfGc61dZkVmoN40nEid-2BJV7FWtCY870FuBV4hUMESv41ONAgPzvOltT1oMYTg8nemwb93Myl6FCzvYxyLKC5Y6CZzWKc6FFOrwt5Uyu9751R77zrG21zEUQyQTL5g-3D-3DcLxA_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY-2BjsExz4Q-2F6KU5GsDK0GyFqK06yECYXFktNWSoHt-2BD0Heas08wHaRCZWsb8DGaAX9TT-2FBamHAxcm2evxsxkk6t62AKuSP80UEE46Ej3ZuTG6tcNimacqdUFqMMXaunTefioc07iDsDU2LLn-2FW2PcHJGALHJcu3VHVcdPPekPCr43NwwvDtqQoFIo3ykmf4CXbpcT9DuslPVKA2DS9X78bz9DDdQG5UDrVVjsTTG95GRY-3D> 
from future email communication


------------------------------------------------------------------------

  * Attachments-32/Receipt # 87045.pdf
    <Attachments-32/Receipt%20%23%2087045.pdf>