Subject: VCAT Application â€“ Possession of Property (Ref: R202518589/00)
From: "Sylvia Hao - Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM)" <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
Date: 21/7/68, 15:36
To: Chawakorn Kamnuansil <ck.chawakorn@gmail.com>, bewty980219@gmail.com
CC: mpm@email.propertyme.com, renting@vcat.vic.gov.au


Email
agent image 		

Dear Chawakorn Kamnuansil and Podjana Tienmon,

I hope you are both well.

As previously communicated, we issued a Notice to Vacate requiring the 
return of keys by 14 July 2025. As the keys have not been returned and 
possession of the property has not been granted, we have now submitted a 
VCAT application (Ref: R202518589/00) to request possession of the 
premises, in accordance with the owner's instructions.

Please find attached the VCAT application form and a copy of the Notice 
to Vacate for your reference.

Should you have any questions or wish to discuss this matter, feel free 
to contact me.

Kind regards,

*Sylvia Hao*

*Relationship Manager*

**

*M**   0420 675 561*

*P****03 9818 8991*

*A**    33 Camberwell Road, Hawthorn East VIC 3123*

<https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrNUsu8Cal5eTkKkmIFyovPY0K-2FbiPyDTzHDN1WxSXAzO3HY9_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUYpO7SHY9AmFRATDS0Q2n-2FefHp6sdIXiTHPjDI1L1VyDWk9en167idBK4xGgRmuOhChh3ghVEm3OgXAlX6X1fI8-2B-2BS0dAjQckTBpd-2BHl5WI-2FF8pW-2FFNKzIvDMp1Rr9WGyeDfQpelnBlTrjSuXg6wkwY-2B-2FbzNkEUBzDTmE7uJXWKAZSKbOIm-2FnKSXXg9tv93S-2FFxsBWTVBbqykSIhUKH14KnFbDiOu1njlWsNQcEcUCapA-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrGRmddulwEJ6wPY-2BzhqQhFs6OQdcmi-2FQ0uCNgxZiSNO-2BodecqpjVE7zNdCs1OGOABw-3D-3DT3ZJ_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUYpO7SHY9AmFRATDS0Q2n-2FefHp6sdIXiTHPjDI1L1VyDWk9en167idBK4xGgRmuOhChh3ghVEm3OgXAlX6X1fI8-2B-2BS0dAjQckTBpd-2BHl5WI-2FFX9VtNft8-2Flff6ctWSrduXKQXo5H2G5-2FPB2CW1CjQRjnvA60gPjZQU53dComfH1zjP1d4RSAvFWX1CxDljWpNmAmNB7GHJh2Jz8c0a3MUGA-2BSe-2FVs3bYnAV7dDWYyQ6KA-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrPi9DiHLmH460gpPdmTlwPUxC3pW9H1ldc0Em-2FtZBuxVUwHL68PCq4EA0UT2V1gQsw-3D-3Dtj3o_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUYpO7SHY9AmFRATDS0Q2n-2FefHp6sdIXiTHPjDI1L1VyDWk9en167idBK4xGgRmuOhChh3ghVEm3OgXAlX6X1fI8-2B-2BS0dAjQckTBpd-2BHl5WI-2FETuA9i0EdObmvLpHmdj6qKCjR0FuK7JKlBpVYLZubwk04zheUi3BRSny6O48U9V04oQ4fVWMtBVw75klycEMeDqftDh7Pf4vzIbnrrZrbgfGDRkMkauEct0ASWw-2FF5zXs-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrMqLymbMAGMONEyWmkzUaAqhlKyv2m17YSv05SVeciREPvJ6GnWS846ef5XewoA8Cg-3D-3DCmrB_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUYpO7SHY9AmFRATDS0Q2n-2FefHp6sdIXiTHPjDI1L1VyDWk9en167idBK4xGgRmuOhChh3ghVEm3OgXAlX6X1fI8-2B-2BS0dAjQckTBpd-2BHl5WI-2FG5gcIGqiSdcL4PKxCbN2LtPoo9hRWtHRVvYIKzPEBn-2Bcr0d0IqLofNl8ZQilXwl6LpZBGeARVGHId7WKWOqTXTqahRtfp3lh-2BO03AMZvj3OmSRMcCUK58wMJuzJlhlpvE-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrITaejTn2rHGWk8htGNkCDIr75XQAN1Rda7ka1TlZodNioQ4_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUYpO7SHY9AmFRATDS0Q2n-2FefHp6sdIXiTHPjDI1L1VyDWk9en167idBK4xGgRmuOhChh3ghVEm3OgXAlX6X1fI8-2B-2BS0dAjQckTBpd-2BHl5WI-2FElEZ0m-2Fskgsl2bPc-2BeQQndVqdsCN1uEQJKl3fiwu6VLtUVsAvuP8u9TsQ2wejZFYb8BhNRNRIu2QBYy-2BjTscNstio-2FtfKd-2FCK3-2BMJTaI163B4KQvy5q0VJSbagmB0BTWs-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrGXAfET5Yhja0GeIoY4iit-2FpOj-2BUaDBZLw8PU7kB0Mr64zTw3IeQT6MAHhcKpZTSTqQHTfvUVn03DPcPrzLzbLA-3DxEPP_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUYpO7SHY9AmFRATDS0Q2n-2FefHp6sdIXiTHPjDI1L1VyDWk9en167idBK4xGgRmuOhChh3ghVEm3OgXAlX6X1fI8-2B-2BS0dAjQckTBpd-2BHl5WI-2FHqlpYOc8Giq0GiHDvE5-2FcEDrn6GhcVx6NpaS6wDcuKdvSxnbyffW-2BQSISxWN6COFNDAPNfAWoX-2Btx1IWbxZ1GYmEhCuQQnujQcUFT3mflmGTv8KdFT0u0VrbkupKZGCfY-3D>

*If you have any feedback regarding my service, please feel free to 
contact my manager.*

*Jamie Ong (Head of Property Management) jamie.ong@areal.com.au 
<mailto:jamie.ong@areal.com.au>*


DISCLAIMER & WARNING. This correspondence and the information contained 
in this and associated e-mails are confidential and were only intended 
for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you have received this 
e-mail in error, any use, copying or inference with this information is 
unauthorized and prohibited and please immediately delete it and any 
related attachments or emails from your system and its related sub 
system and notify the sender. You must never copy, disclose, make 
conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to 
the business of the Areal Property and shall be understood as neither 
given nor approved or agreed by it. Although Areal Property has taken 
reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in this e-mail, 
Areal Property cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage 
arising from the use of this e-mail or attachments.
		

Click to unsubscribe 
<https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrEFf-2BcgHG6Mx-2B3buLhWmkCTWoGNFQQhl6KE-2BlTjn7wyI-2BOLQyaEiDU4axnLMDYqU8-2BnagZnyWnEsV0zAJvcN6ouvMqaC1-2Ff2lyMmKbpOdnLOmQWiawRi4lDOeyNU1qnbs-2FqxhMViFuirczBLTWyYTi6uzDkXI8uBNLD7v4X4sv4dqwMBmXWiKCNEPxx8wPzIYM5XO7IOzJa28Tm51UUIaIg-3D_6Yc_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUYpO7SHY9AmFRATDS0Q2n-2FefHp6sdIXiTHPjDI1L1VyDWk9en167idBK4xGgRmuOhChh3ghVEm3OgXAlX6X1fI8-2B-2BS0dAjQckTBpd-2BHl5WI-2FH5zulrD-2FuJa03CngMrrhwb4JA6QSy4cSR-2BBAOiAnRc127WPGYJYWRVByZQP8vQ9cj-2FEenGDlWQDB6Rs-2BItS4ixnGKklEoQ5rz0yO-2B8fJBMP4ykiJDQRFMgaFX-2BG6AXsCA-3D> 
from future email communication


------------------------------------------------------------------------

  * Attachments-5/VCAT APPLICATION - POSSESSION.pdf
    <Attachments-5/VCAT%20APPLICATION%20-%20POSSESSION.pdf>
  * Attachments-5/NOTICE TO VACATE U1803 243 FRANKLIN ST.pdf
    <Attachments-5/NOTICE%20TO%20VACATE%20U1803%20243%20FRANKLIN%20ST.pdf>