Subject: Remediation Works – Start Date Confirmed
From: "Sylvia Hao - Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM)" <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
Date: 18/6/68, 13:21
To: Chawakorn Kamnuansil <ck.chawakorn@gmail.com>, bewty980219@gmail.com
CC: mpm@email.propertyme.com


Email
agent image 		

Dear Chawakorn,

I hope you're well.

The Owners Corporation has now confirmed that the remediation works will 
commence on Monday, 24 June at 8:30am.

Please ensure access is available from that time so the contractors can 
begin without delay. If you have any specific arrangements or concerns, 
feel free to let me know and we’ll do our best to assist.

Thanks again for your cooperation.

Kind regards,

*Sylvia Hao*

*Relationship Manager*

**

*M**   0420 675 561*

*P****03 9818 8991*

*A**    33 Camberwell Road, Hawthorn East VIC 3123*

<https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrNUsu8Cal5eTkKkmIFyovPY0K-2FbiPyDTzHDN1WxSXAzOFEvJ_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY82B-2FbFM-2B4-2FMGND0LfDSfszTfWdDE9Vz1m-2FpbjmHFFzV6zfSTZPkUY6RcxuiyDkU-2BkeECEA7L1EcQczaYp5RU6DsLDKcfwLmwyhnH6kbDEFEUlEOVujhax68xmSYZ4a2DMcg1zf7PCZFLOla-2F2CQkqFR1RruQmdpl-2FTQTkZJW0-2Fb2ECSsE1-2F-2B1bfphF7UUk6y4W-2BZqjkEM9qql-2F6dHBOkGG33gSwBxUd3Bc6K2Ihoo3E-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrGRmddulwEJ6wPY-2BzhqQhFs6OQdcmi-2FQ0uCNgxZiSNO-2BodecqpjVE7zNdCs1OGOABw-3D-3DpXR6_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY82B-2FbFM-2B4-2FMGND0LfDSfszTfWdDE9Vz1m-2FpbjmHFFzV6zfSTZPkUY6RcxuiyDkU-2BkeECEA7L1EcQczaYp5RU6DsLDKcfwLmwyhnH6kbDEFF5FjxlRe4S02oI7U7K9xkimQDsCuf98B006RG7xf8e92d9i4zdwIFkO3eDVl6BtDTQwHZ514JeHSavBVqRU8ey-2Fxv0ju4tCWpHd2DjL5BAMHsYa5cVho80D-2FerJ5WvJVc-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrPi9DiHLmH460gpPdmTlwPUxC3pW9H1ldc0Em-2FtZBuxVUwHL68PCq4EA0UT2V1gQsw-3D-3DVmiL_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY82B-2FbFM-2B4-2FMGND0LfDSfszTfWdDE9Vz1m-2FpbjmHFFzV6zfSTZPkUY6RcxuiyDkU-2BkeECEA7L1EcQczaYp5RU6DsLDKcfwLmwyhnH6kbDEFE4YypKUDGf4hCeRg6JmatCcgH0QxiRsEePLEU3m035LY9wVYhUSlFL5Dj-2Bvo3s9A7yQ4p1DfMw8Tm5jJkFjxwyxD7g86eCjVxYc4KODpmZ5aHpWUc0wZYzblqDfTHD-2FLw-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrMqLymbMAGMONEyWmkzUaAqhlKyv2m17YSv05SVeciREPvJ6GnWS846ef5XewoA8Cg-3D-3D3GPh_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY82B-2FbFM-2B4-2FMGND0LfDSfszTfWdDE9Vz1m-2FpbjmHFFzV6zfSTZPkUY6RcxuiyDkU-2BkeECEA7L1EcQczaYp5RU6DsLDKcfwLmwyhnH6kbDEFGLD1thGVvfBBV3bO2vUGS6CYY1Nu7Vgpy3H0SFDuvragycE5P5Ccl97x574jJ9eeq7FxRUbJ21UBR6tv9Lm4YnaJZiVQZ-2BOUO9vQIZ1wYWZwzRO79UNprL7-2F80nxTUim8-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrITaejTn2rHGWk8htGNkCDIr75XQAN1Rda7ka1TlZodNZvV4_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY82B-2FbFM-2B4-2FMGND0LfDSfszTfWdDE9Vz1m-2FpbjmHFFzV6zfSTZPkUY6RcxuiyDkU-2BkeECEA7L1EcQczaYp5RU6DsLDKcfwLmwyhnH6kbDEFE7alax2k0I4BekFWu0rbr4Nyvv2ZIOi6fFFr-2B4i47-2FVPkaGHWda1Mxb80wJNuhyewqOyJRDICXU265HRLlfzqiVC7QC-2Fn4LgXbACf5hEuf7P8IDVeBYeEDW8xoX4Jj1yU-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrGXAfET5Yhja0GeIoY4iit-2FpOj-2BUaDBZLw8PU7kB0Mr64zTw3IeQT6MAHhcKpZTSTqQHTfvUVn03DPcPrzLzbLA-3D6YQX_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY82B-2FbFM-2B4-2FMGND0LfDSfszTfWdDE9Vz1m-2FpbjmHFFzV6zfSTZPkUY6RcxuiyDkU-2BkeECEA7L1EcQczaYp5RU6DsLDKcfwLmwyhnH6kbDEFEJB3-2FPejLL13kiV1epNxchkfmONctQ6OK4JHJH7hbuD8i1r0oSRVyV7Rl1tMyZl-2BxkAImsSQXXjRtDHf2UBBA17J901ivQdgHLjFbWi5BMmUncpd0eRu4GwBn7939tGYU-3D>

*If you have any feedback regarding my service, please feel free to 
contact my manager.*

*Jamie Ong (Head of Property Management) jamie.ong@areal.com.au 
<mailto:jamie.ong@areal.com.au>*


DISCLAIMER & WARNING. This correspondence and the information contained 
in this and associated e-mails are confidential and were only intended 
for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you have received this 
e-mail in error, any use, copying or inference with this information is 
unauthorized and prohibited and please immediately delete it and any 
related attachments or emails from your system and its related sub 
system and notify the sender. You must never copy, disclose, make 
conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to 
the business of the Areal Property and shall be understood as neither 
given nor approved or agreed by it. Although Areal Property has taken 
reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in this e-mail, 
Areal Property cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage 
arising from the use of this e-mail or attachments.
		

Click to unsubscribe 
<https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrEFf-2BcgHG6Mx-2B3buLhWmkCTWoGNFQQhl6KE-2BlTjn7wyI-2BOLQyaEiDU4axnLMDYqU85LpsHQm-2F08-2BRyPMoCopUvQwQ2Oo5BSak6Dk-2FQItqYBOTN9rJChBE0RULc882LgV80iO4lCwc9r4jsX3UXu7xxbh0GsNVOzvCVqdFkzy4YqoUsGljOh9UnOtj6oBMASZSCcETR-2F4Kgvd-2F6IEj-2F1NYbw-3DfRBw_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY82B-2FbFM-2B4-2FMGND0LfDSfszTfWdDE9Vz1m-2FpbjmHFFzV6zfSTZPkUY6RcxuiyDkU-2BkeECEA7L1EcQczaYp5RU6DsLDKcfwLmwyhnH6kbDEFGW8t4QsMG7Mef6iNMbxWS1WUM5F5aw4V0oqgg2NzQ1kboH6Fn9XRcMVtd3WKQwjRAS-2BTezdj9PoZJmD3OW6ZwN8jrKtcCO6bgSJIVA9AuagyvsFbCH3bBNv5pAUJrqWl4-3D> 
from future email communication