Subject: Leaking Repaired Confirmation - 1803/243 Franklin St
From: "Sylvia Hao - Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM)" <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
Date: 2/5/68, 09:46
To: Chawakorn Kamnuansil <ck.chawakorn@gmail.com>


Email
agent image 		

Hi Chawakorn,

I just wanted to give you a quick update. The Strata's plumber attended 
to the hot water leak last Wednesday and has addressed the issue. I’ll 
be confirming with the building management shortly if there’s any 
further action needed.

Could you please let me know if you've noticed any further water ingress 
or any issues since the plumber's visit?

Thanks for your help.

Best regards,

*Sylvia Hao*

*Relationship Manager*

**

*M**   0420 675 561*

*P****03 9818 8991*

*A**    33 Camberwell Road, Hawthorn East VIC 3123*

<https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrNUsu8Cal5eTkKkmIFyovPY0K-2FbiPyDTzHDN1WxSXAzOPzO6_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY1XjA4ZHj-2FhwZaqsqVejUeAkse89iBCfSn7Vw4kdN09D-2F4exSb6ZcgDZFm32Mbb-2BBWtrrDrNtGp5fa2hJnZBvMuuTzmQihE-2FhAajXeruMnv5z2agjpZbpW4fquAXBx66xLGa4mLVbcf-2Fj52PhvYI4GcmYmYAeib60dCcByCkQx0YS2hWA7-2FksmKmlwJ-2FoH70p6vallwd35PauK-2ByfDZhrht5Gk7jrPxIrX4Mmyy6F5gI-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrGRmddulwEJ6wPY-2BzhqQhFs6OQdcmi-2FQ0uCNgxZiSNO-2BodecqpjVE7zNdCs1OGOABw-3D-3DV1jg_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY1XjA4ZHj-2FhwZaqsqVejUeAkse89iBCfSn7Vw4kdN09D-2F4exSb6ZcgDZFm32Mbb-2BBWtrrDrNtGp5fa2hJnZBvMuuTzmQihE-2FhAajXeruMnv6db0SN21jYB-2FyxLws1C2dJ8-2F4TdqWmeQrxIre9tyEz-2BmSEUfJM-2Fx7x8nepipY-2FmVcvqROqM5XUovUxn-2BDtnk2d-2BfKs3fgdCSnwZgNgRsaMXeCv1Dt7MgpqpjRwCun3J6g-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrPi9DiHLmH460gpPdmTlwPUxC3pW9H1ldc0Em-2FtZBuxVUwHL68PCq4EA0UT2V1gQsw-3D-3DrI5B_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY1XjA4ZHj-2FhwZaqsqVejUeAkse89iBCfSn7Vw4kdN09D-2F4exSb6ZcgDZFm32Mbb-2BBWtrrDrNtGp5fa2hJnZBvMuuTzmQihE-2FhAajXeruMnv5ZPDl31z6smwK6iKeSn-2FcyRCFWjih3K9Q5aLjjCViIQB0Q4Rm0DLMHTZ3ynQCMJR-2Bfx2NIu6D5cueoWw9JktKLpvNm7by7z7P1Jwli-2BWKgblfhOP8pgHkC4wuXEMd9oxA-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrMqLymbMAGMONEyWmkzUaAqhlKyv2m17YSv05SVeciREPvJ6GnWS846ef5XewoA8Cg-3D-3DjO6C_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY1XjA4ZHj-2FhwZaqsqVejUeAkse89iBCfSn7Vw4kdN09D-2F4exSb6ZcgDZFm32Mbb-2BBWtrrDrNtGp5fa2hJnZBvMuuTzmQihE-2FhAajXeruMnv42n0Fe5XHfNTw70sauDZppKrRKglkwcV5OoZQmU-2B5teEXG4Aysqi-2FtXwszyNpNk0qC7Ur1RE2N8R-2BmEEXbgUyp3QcLSxFXYBpDId-2Bj1Fn6P-2Bmsyk1VYVQ4IzHpxgRxIQs-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrITaejTn2rHGWk8htGNkCDIr75XQAN1Rda7ka1TlZodN-cVn_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY1XjA4ZHj-2FhwZaqsqVejUeAkse89iBCfSn7Vw4kdN09D-2F4exSb6ZcgDZFm32Mbb-2BBWtrrDrNtGp5fa2hJnZBvMuuTzmQihE-2FhAajXeruMnv4TDaS3QIXWYyvwFLXFAxnPz2t6Wq1WEPza-2FKQqXzhocIDAAEciZzRCTb834O9ZncB5cqXZOqmkRUQ0r-2BPaUGBHhvIWRURZCET4vPM3pfH-2BwL-2Bmo8S3SagDVLfy0DhAH4c-3D><https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrGXAfET5Yhja0GeIoY4iit-2FpOj-2BUaDBZLw8PU7kB0Mr64zTw3IeQT6MAHhcKpZTSTqQHTfvUVn03DPcPrzLzbLA-3Dsv2y_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY1XjA4ZHj-2FhwZaqsqVejUeAkse89iBCfSn7Vw4kdN09D-2F4exSb6ZcgDZFm32Mbb-2BBWtrrDrNtGp5fa2hJnZBvMuuTzmQihE-2FhAajXeruMnv7OeJati7eBAax9WqtGzOKJZLztEIz3JNj360qEd-2F7UJlurNGBepH-2FlzkrHTGY-2BVdRTAs9BVO5EJxSrnBy3fcPpxziO0ZU7KRE2LpiDNCE27tqivQxEpOyE3R6ZaKVXn04-3D>

*If you have any feedback regarding my service, please feel free to 
contact my manager.*

*Jamie Ong (Head of Property Management) jamie.ong@areal.com.au 
<mailto:jamie.ong@areal.com.au>*


DISCLAIMER & WARNING. This correspondence and the information contained 
in this and associated e-mails are confidential and were only intended 
for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you have received this 
e-mail in error, any use, copying or inference with this information is 
unauthorized and prohibited and please immediately delete it and any 
related attachments or emails from your system and its related sub 
system and notify the sender. You must never copy, disclose, make 
conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to 
the business of the Areal Property and shall be understood as neither 
given nor approved or agreed by it. Although Areal Property has taken 
reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in this e-mail, 
Areal Property cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage 
arising from the use of this e-mail or attachments.
		

Click to unsubscribe 
<https://link.email.propertyme.com/ls/click?upn=u001.uPeXt1-2FWMMlLMhZtXudDrEFf-2BcgHG6Mx-2B3buLhWmkCTWoGNFQQhl6KE-2BlTjn7wyI-2BOLQyaEiDU4axnLMDYqU80p-2FMEwZG85sevEiOcpnNkE-2Bnd7ZrbZwPTsJxwC6i2wHrbw48ZcHqJkDGhOfy-2Bh0pcLpfZ785iG1Q-2FLyeAumgIHk5x-2FzCsuxPMxs1F-2FqLYWuID4ZZl9Iyhvlinl3Y9y6uQ-3D-3DGqoa_ToOUkN9R21HVu2xbS1rOni2pedl-2FRX-2Fk6LIraU3f-2FDIqT2r1qerBvoBvFoFL9NUY1XjA4ZHj-2FhwZaqsqVejUeAkse89iBCfSn7Vw4kdN09D-2F4exSb6ZcgDZFm32Mbb-2BBWtrrDrNtGp5fa2hJnZBvMuuTzmQihE-2FhAajXeruMnv5xHdzTkqgDUcUz5iKs6vuNjZOyZu5xxQRUsi-2Ft7nsPdwweaLgsSzzIbN-2Fb3Ajtgd-2F-2FY3yrDMFz8BvSgSR3sQD6vDyoYmcXSCG-2Fbii70QyFZFlpNOacu6Z-2BoP5m7skr-2FGE-3D> 
from future email communication